usuarioNombre=bonos
pass=bon
iduser=1
numeroSuc=22
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=true
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=repuesto
pass=res
iduser=2
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=boca19
pass=null
iduser=3
usuarioNombre=maqui
pass=maq
iduser=5
numeroSuc=19
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica Boc 19
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=mariano
pass=hola
iduser=4
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
numeroSuc=22
nombreSuc=Bonos
esBonoFiscal=true
puerta=Configuraciones
permisoNombre=Administrador
puerta=Ver Tabla Factura
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
puerta=Facturar-Facturado
permisoNombre=Administrador
usuarioNombre=admin
pass=private
iduser=5
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
numeroSuc=22
nombreSuc=Bonos
esBonoFiscal=true
puerta=Configuraciones
permisoNombre=Administrador
puerta=Ver Tabla Factura
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
puerta=Facturar-Facturado
permisoNombre=Administrador
usuarioNombre=jcrep
pass=mainero
iduser=6
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=forep
pass=mainero
iduser=7
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=fmrep
pass=mainero
iduser=8
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=fbrep
pass=mainero
iduser=9
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=cmrep
pass=mainero
iduser=10
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=cmmaq
pass=mainero
iduser=11
numeroSuc=19
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica Boc 19
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=cmbon
pass=mainero
iduser=12
numeroSuc=22
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=true
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=smrep
pass=mainero
iduser=13
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=smmaq
pass=mainero
iduser=14
numeroSuc=19
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica Boc 19
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=smbon
pass=mainero
iduser=15
numeroSuc=22
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=true
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=pbrep
pass=mainero
iduser=16
numeroSuc=20
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=pbmaq
pass=mainero
iduser=17
numeroSuc=19
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica Boc 19
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=pbbon
pass=mainero
iduser=18
numeroSuc=22
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica
esBonoFiscal=true
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar
usuarioNombre=fmmaq
pass=mainero
iduser=19
numeroSuc=19
nombreSuc=Fact Electronica Boc 19
esBonoFiscal=false
puerta=Facturar
permisoNombre=Facturar
puerta=Consultas Varias AFIP
permisoNombre=Consultar